and it has to be sports has everything to
point for the imminent launch of
fifa 14 of the new delivery of his
famous soccer simulator of which
in addition to the current platforms
it was also his debut on the consoles of
new generation
football teaches us pain and
humility
for each winner and one loser
for every victory there is a defeat like
it happens in each new season to the could
include various novelties regarding
seen in last year's delivery
as for example new styles of
shot when shooting on goal
having also improved the physics
of the ball
copy times
new ones have also been included
features to facilitate the creation
goal opportunities and control the
rhythm of the game starting with the
called protection of the ball that we
will allow you to block and dodge
defenses or win the position when receiving
one step doing a control oriented
I have the vote the intelligence of the
fellow type has been improved in
defense so that they recognize in what
moment they have to press in order
of recovering the ball while
when we are attacking they will offer more
resources to the forwards to try to
overcome the rivals
meanwhile another of the improvements are the
career turns with value which
it allows us to turn in any direction
when we perform west prime increasing
well control one-to-one flights
the new system of driving the ball
and produces a greater variety of
touches when the player is in the race
being the highest quality footballers
those who will have better control of the
ball
now entering the modalities of
game the title offers us the angle the
number of possibilities since enjoying
a quick match up to play in the mode
race where we will also exercise
sporting sunrise one of the novelties
this year is the new global network of
transfers through which we can
send scouts to different countries of the
world looks for young talents can
specify the type of player that
We are looking for our team
among so many different criteria
at the same time, it is still present
the fun fifa and ultimate mode and so
like mode 9 is pro and being able to play
in various skill mini-games that
will allow us to withdraw our
skills with the ball and of course
we also do not forget to mention the
online multiplayer options being
possible to play and to us matches
individual of 11 against 11 but
also a full season the
The main novelty will be the inclusion of
a new way called season
cooperative in which we will play each
season forming a team with a
friend having to face others
teams from the online community that
they will be composed equally by others
two players with the goal of reaching
to the top of the first division
macabre
and finally in relation to the section
cyclical as it happens in each new
delivery the quota graphics have been
continued polishing showing the ones
players more real than ever in
special in what animations and
robots is concerned it is confirmed that the
title will have more than 500 clubs
soccer with official license although without
will doubt the versions of xbox and
playstation 4 the most will get
surprise the player since they will
use of the new engine and nike created by
electronic for sports games
new generation promising
convert this new fifa installment into
a visual spectacle
in addition another detail that we liked
is the new design of the menus of the
game resulting much faster now
and intuitive to navigate between the different
options being divided into
large rectangular buttons that
they resemble in a certain way what is
be habitual in games for tablets
ah
higuey sports fifa 14 will be available
from this next 26 of
September for xbox 360 playstation 3
pc wii nintendo 3ds playstation vita
playstation 2 and psp plus the game
will also arrive at xbox one english mission
4 coinciding with the date of
launch of both video consoles will be
the only platform that will not have its
corresponding version of the game so
that we love for which we live every
challenge every celebration every minute and
every second is the best game of ours
game
we are fifa 14
the new season awaits us